Once upon a time, there was a small village in the country which lay on top of a mountain. It was a very cold winter and they were short of food.
With the lack of food, they struggled a lot to feed themselves and stay healthy. However, there was a young boy in the village, called Anton, who one day volunteered to help solve this food shortage problem, so he went to see the chief of the village.
Anton had already met the chief of the village several times, because he had become a friend of the chief's daugther Clara.
Anton didn't have a lot of other friends, he only had Clara and his dog, Benny who was a really loyal animal. Anton spent a lot of time with him and he could always count on Benny.
"Big chief!" Anton adressed the latter. "Nothing more easy for me than to solve our big hunger problem. With the assistance of my dog, I will catch a big deer. If your daughter would like, I would appreciate also to be accompanied by her as well.
dear = kind

deer - animal
The proposal announced, the chief looked at the boy with gratitude.

"Yes, I will let my daughter go with you. Bring back a big deer for all of us, children. Be safe! It gets dark very suddenly in the forest and there are also a lot of wild animals. Pay attention to get back before sunset!"
Unfortunately, it was already starting to get dark. So Clara, Benny and Anton were aware, that they didn't have plenty of time to catch a deer before sunset. They hurried thus into the forest and luckily , they immediately spotted a big deer. How to get hold on it?
The problem they faced was a huge canyon. The deer was on the other side and there was no bridge to get through the deep abyss. Even just locating it from far away was difficult, let alone firing an arrow to kill it.
What they needed was a bridge. Useless to fire an arrow from that distance! "Let's take the trunk of this dead tree and lay it over the abyss" suggested Clara. But as she spoke, her voice was a bit shaking because the trunk didn't look so stable with the tree having been dead for a long time probably.
It was the old age and the unstability of the trunk that created the safety issue. But having no other choice, they started to carry out the plan. The trunk was so big and heavy though that while trying to push it, Clara tipped over and hurt her ankle.
"Aua!" cried Clara in pain. "I haven't felt such a pain in my ankle since the last hunt!" 
"Don't cry around and make the deer aware of us! We need to fire an arrow now! Hand me the basket with the arrows quickly!"
Clara did what Anton asked her to do, although she felt a bit offended because he didn't care about her pain and was insensitive like her sister with whom she never got along.
However, before Anton could have fired the arrow, there was a huge lightening crossing the sky.
The lightening hit a tree and the latter took fire. Clara and Anton became very afraid, but also the dear. Totally confused, the deer came into their direction. Now was the time to act and fire the arrow, but Clara had diffculties handing over the basket with her broken ankle!
"Hurry up!, shouted Anton but it was already too late.

For a moment they believed that the deer would run away and they watched it disappointedly. However, a moment later, there was a second lightening that hit the deer and the animal collapsed dead. Anton and Clara couldn't believe their luck!
With all the tension gone, they took the deer and a more stable trunk to comfortably get back over the abyss and home again. The whole village had fun together in eating the deer with the high nutrituional value.

The end